What celebration is this?
I keep playing because I want to keep uploading funny clips
it's amazing how much smoother this game is on Old Gen.
How do I become the free kick taker in career mode?
People still using cr7?
Best game mode for rewards?
Did anyone else get 4 random world player picks?
Your single biggest tip/lesson from playing so far
Midfielders Ball Watching
Defending against corner kicks
Finally got one of these
"When my players score, they always kick the ball into the net a second time."
Total market crash?
Orsic really said “fine I’ll get the upgrade myself”
Elastico and reverse elastico for left footed players
World cup hero Keane
Xbox Series S Not Consistently Getting HDR
Serious question from non FIFA player
EA can you please remove or change the 4 game limit with something reasonable?
"Do you think it's a waste of coins to build two teams, since it's impossible for me to link all my players together."
frequent lag in UT
Does everyone just play the same formation? Where does everyone even get their formations from?
Yeezys on FIFA 23 ❄️
Incorrect calendar
settings for defensive line?
"Played a full game with the fireworks pole stuck in the middle of the pitch. One of the freekicks, his player hid in it LOL"
"Just started fifa, still dont understand how the squads work."
Is WC Ake worth the grind?
Complete noob... where do I start?
I cant play any league matches on pro clubs
Is it possible to sync Ultimate on PS and PC?
How to set up one to one defense in FIFA23?
WC players in saved packs
Getting kicked out!!
How can EA make the game be better.
What is this years META?
Flashback Cristiano Ronaldo SBC
Received a tradeable PTG Lozano today.
Best Fifa 23 kick-off team?
How do you trigger directed runs?!
Considering buying fifa 23 pc
Cristiano Ronaldo flashback review
Fifa 23 Ultimate Edition
World Cup Team of the Tournament!
Prime gaming pack 3 is available!
Keepers lost all ability recently?
"I have been playing 23 on my ps4, and I now want to play on PC, will it be possible for my FUT to transfer over?"
Prime Icons coming tomorrow - @FUTScoreboard
Sprint button won’t work on controller in actual games (PC)
My friend has this problem (the grey square on the left). How to fix it?
Idk if it’s been mentioned but Winter wild card card design has been added to the game
Have people stopped playing WC swaps?
I love POTM Messi
Moments Götze SBC
ayo what is this
controller problem
Players not able to finish anything
WC petit reviews?
I literally feel like I’m playing the same opponent every game in Champs
"65 rated silver, first touch of the ball, weak footed, powershot, bicycle kick from the edge of the box. WTF"
How do I play better in Div 5?
What makes the 442 more “meta” than the 41212 wide?
[Pro Clubs] Can't see my club kits?
whats the difference between the xbox one edition and xbox series s/x edition ?
can I play ultimate team in fifa 23 on pc?
Are there any downsides to Direct Passing tactic?
Flickering when using a controller on Fifa 19
Legends score from any angle
"GG's I guess, fun."
How do I change the name of my club over here ?
CBs Stop Running Back?
A decent hattrick i scored with RVP.
FIFA 23 crashing on launch
Playing this game for fun is hard
The Oddest Bug happened to me on FIFA 23. So I made a little video
"I don't normally use power shots, maybe I should."
This Di María card is giving me major flashbacks 😍😍
Why do I feel like I’m being punished when getting a penalty?
What are your rules for using fodder?
Don’t know what to do fellas
"real question - your div,wl rank,ping and where from?"
How can I play online with 2 friends who are also online?
"can't connect to the fut, is the game down?"
I did not want good rewards anyways
What's something your opponent does that really lets them get into your head?
"According to EA, this was a 1ms ping spike"
Why does the multiplayer stutter so much?
This kick off exploit needs to get patched
I am getting this glitch every time i make a substitution
When do WC TOTT players leave packs?
3 player online game?
I kept seeing that Co-op and camera height with zoom 0 is the ideal camera angle. does the zoom include pro camera zoom?
Flashback Ronaldo reviews?
FIFA 23 season ping is different from ultimate team
Players slowing down on Through pass
Why is the transfer market so buggy?
"PSA: Moments expire soon, complete them now and save for new rewards tomorrow."
puskas award when?
Does the new Showdown Correa have that “burst” pace when running in behind?
My best goal this season (excuse the potato camera)
Thoughts on WC TOTT Foden
Di Maria SBC???
"Lets forget the negative aspects for a second, what do you guys LIKE in this year’s FIFA??"
How to do the T-Rex Celebration?
Defending on pro mode
The World Cup Final is 100% Fifa in real life.
Seasons PSG Spammer -- Tactical Advice
Does the xG stat actually matter?
Cheaters getting out of hand
Just started fifa 23 ultimate team.. what should I focus on?
Any way to get TOTW players w/o transfer market access?
"EA, Where are the USA kits?!"
Price difference between TOTT Gavi and Pedro is massive but their stats seem pretty similar?
More Objectives?
I can’t be the only one experiencing this bug
Anyone already open 81+ x 11?
Please help - Xbox 360 controller FIFA 21 PC
SBMM shouldn't be in every friendly mode
Looks like all that effort to win the World Cup took its toll on Messi
World Cup in Career Mode?
Switching to older patches
Game changing forwards
How to find people to join club?
What to do with 81 and 82 rated players
Never seen the ball move like this before
What player has dramatically changed your team?
Has FUT changed the players or have the players changed FUT?
Should I open my 2 TOTW packs?
Ultimate Team co-op
FIFA 23 really has awesome football shirts... I want to buy this one ☝️🥛
I keep choking in champs
WW Token in Milestones First Owner Fiesta
Who are you eyeing up for your team?
"Is Pirlo any good? (and even if he isn't good, is he worth getting for funsies?)"
Crossplay xbox series s and PC
I need an Emi Martinez special card with this dynamic image
World Cup Swaps
"Updated 3-5-2 Guide for Fifa 23! (Rank 1, 650+ SR, New gen (works on old too))"
Angel Di Maria TOTT SBC (Upgraded to 4* WF)
Is it worth buying FIFA 2023 if I like the mobile game?
Winter Wildcard #4?
Was this really red card worthy ?
"For the love of CHRIST, fix the damn settings from resetting EA."
Showdown Upamecano is 87 rated
My friend won’t appear on Online friendlys list (FIFA 23)
How do you kick the ball forward like that?
Mid Eusebio opinions?
Moments prizes. 85+ player pick or 83+ TOTW pick?
"The r/FIFA Daily Discussion Thread -- December 21, 2022"
average gosens goal for me
How do I dribble better?
Where is my free token?did the sbc one last night on web app logged on tonight don't see my free token
Scheduled Maintenance ruining end of season
Yup that's me. You're probably wondering how I ended up in this situation
Showdown Correa SBC
"I know it's been a few months, and it's been said before, but chemistry this year fucking sucks."
The corner flag just stopped the ball from going out. Have I completed Fifa?
Do you possess and pass too much?
Winter Wildcards Swap Player Rewards
Did they go winter swaps last year? What was it like?
Best value for coins la liga cdm?
How are my high pace strikers getting continuously run down by CBs in rivals?
When WC Swaps goes to penalties
WC Icons in-game
Showdown Upamecano SBC
Thoughts on Upamecano?
First time playing WL on a sunday evening. Is it always like this?
"For your information, TOTT Messi is upgraded to high/low workrate"
23 Problem - start game thinks beginning again
Can you turn off Fut trainer in Skill games?
My friend keeps getting these low power driven shots although he puts enough power. Does anyone know how to fix this? (ps4)
How to make that last decisive pass?
"With prime icons coming, I guess it's not likely that WC icons will get their faces fixed?"
How much time do I have left to complete WC swaps?
Does Ikoné feel slow or am I crazy?
Vlahovic Reviews?
Mbappe is the only gold card above 100k in December
Set Pieces- Labels Missing on Ball Indicator (XBox Series S)
Why is Division 3 so toxic?
UCL Final. Screamer goal so crazy the stadium staff cant help but T-pose
Fifa 23 Body Types
Showdown Mislav Orsic has been given his upgrade!
Cursed Drogba??
Moments Objective Pavard
FIFA 23 Summed Up In A Video
This game is getting close to fifa 19
How is the player in the 6 yard box for penalties chosen?
Anyone else's FIFA feel super fast right now?
I was awarded a penalty for this 😂
Why do so many people buy position modifiers when you get 5 free a day?
"In many ways this is the worst fifa ever, here's why"
"In your opinion, what is it that makes online modes frustrating?"
My account has disappeared
How long is TOTT in packs?
Why does this keep happening? The striker that should recieve the ball runs away after pass input.
Anyone else getting this server issue repeatedly?
Who’s the player that frustrates you the most but you can’t get rid of?
Is it worthy to try cross playing now? I’m on PS4.
Help these 2-7-33 noobs.
Since what division i can call myself good player?
Can't ever play Striker in Drop Ins
Why does TOTT Messi feel so good
Di Maria ladies and gentlemen
Ginola Thoughts?
Does anyone know how to stop goals when the opponent goes right to edge of the box and cuts it back?
Classic FIFA ..
Where's the Dynamic Image From Series - #14 - Flashback Cristiano Ronaldo
FIFA World Cup Campaign Player Pick SBC
I tackled the ball and this happened...
Anyone else feel like they’re making little to no progress in rivals this year?
PTG Cuti Romero - New Dynamic Image
85+ Semi Finals Nations Upgrade SBC
Help for a noob!
FIFA SBCs this year
The whole defending mechanism is hilarious
How do you cancel a pass?
Anyway to play 3 friends together
Do people really expect lots of new content every day?
So glad I finally decided to buy a FIFA game
"Goalie not saving a single shot online, any idea why?"
The settings bug ruined the game for me for over a month
Wrong position / no Chemistry?
"What are ""good"" packs ?"
"For the 4th time in a row, EA correctly predicts the winner of the World Cup"
"Anyone who did him, was he worth it?"
WC Half-time 3/4 Challenge SBC (Rare Electrum Players Pack UT)
3-4-3 Diamond Tactics Guide (433(4) as in-game formation)
Angel Di Maria has got to be the best value SBC this year. Don't think twice.
issues on pc and moving weird
No foul? Take 1 guess who won this game.
Surely there's something missing here?
Where's the Dynamic Image From Series - #16 - Player Moments Mario Götze
Division 10 Luck
Why does this keep happening? Not only does it reset all settings but also removes all face saves for career mode.
Average match length you use and does it affect player perf if less?
Winning the playstation tournament
/r/FIFA: The Weekly Fucking Rant Thread
Is there a way to play the World Cup mode with custom rosters?
Playing Better Or Seeing What I’m Doing Wrong?
just starting out with fifa 22 on Xbox…need some advice
PTG Gomez and Romero Final Upgrades
Silver Stars Robinson + Token
Fabinho + 10 token fodder or WC Hero?
"The higher the division you climb, the more you realise the game mechanics exploits that you lack."
Saving packs for TOTY
Why do my CDMs decide which games they're going to bother defending?
Width and Depth in Custom Tactics
Online seasons is extremely broken
88+ Mid or FIFA WC SBC
"As a new player this year, what’s the meta?"
Every element in the game seems to constantly remind you how arcade or unrealistic this game is.
What to do with 51 WC swaps tokens?
Cuadrado showing off🔥
I can’t use cross play on Xbox please help
How do I get a transfer offer in fifa 22
Where's the Dynamic Image From Series - #15 - Player Moments Benjamin Pavard
The glitch in the game that’s becoming to much
how long will this world cup mode gonna stay?
"Over-the-head through ball spammers, how do you defend or justify such tactic?"
Spent Moments Stars or Keep Them?
Mid-Season 2 Review Pack - WC Special Probability Analysis
how to tuck in shirts in fifa23 volta football
New Card Design Added - named as 'Squad Building Challenge' - maybe for League SBCs?
How on earth is this a offside
FIFA 23 FUT players
This is hands down the worst I have ever been at any FIFA
Strikers acting as opponent's defenders?
Anyone feels the same way about WL?
"Explosive, Controlled, Lengthy etc"
Based on my specs which FIFA should I purchase?
Alaba turned into kurt zouma for a moment there
How on earth do you all defend short corners?
Safe to say WC icons face/body type aren’t getting fixed
"The r/FIFA Daily Discussion Thread -- December 17, 2022"
"PS4- After pausing, I can only control Goalkeeper..."
Winter recruits pack available in store
You are part of me now
“Classic Chemistry” mode in friendlies?
What year was the tutorial/career mode discontinued?
Has EA ruined the gameplay again?
Great players that are cheaper for lacking skill moves
Who is the Best passer of through balls
I tried Mbappè on FUT for the first time and I can't believe this is allowed
Love powershots
Why do my players keep passing to the wrong person?
Get rid of cross play
Defending Tips Needed
"When it's 90th min & the game wants you to concede, you concede."
EA need to fix fut champs is so unenjoyable
I average two xG higher than my opponents in most of my losses. What mistakes am I making?
Can anyone help me understand one to watch players a little more please?
Takes FOREVER to find an opponent.
Automatic clearances need to be added to this game
Showdown Ward SBC
"Pace and ""tackle zones"" at FUT(ps4)"
Do you remember the weirdest/craziest match you have played in WL? What happened in it?
Angel Di Maria has now received his dynamic image.
How does rivals work
Newbie to FIFA and FUT
Best way to get season XP?
Salah has the best near post shot in the game.
A goal that I enjoyed scoring in Fifa
Either I can’t aim at the net or my Haaland broke
Virtual pro on a different console
display configurations always restart when i re-launch the game?
Xbox one and PC crossplay not working
No consistency.
is ribery rb worth it?
"""Scheduled"" Maintenance starts in 1 hour"
The absolute dumbest offside I have ever seen in FIFA...
how do I disable this thing that says great pass every time I do so?
Do FUT points ever show up in the mobile app?
Glitch on FIFA 23 career mode?
Which is the best league to play right now?
Why do some players have boots I cannot select on other players?
Is Tele Broadcast still the best view? Been away from the game a few years
"WC Angel Di Maria - 3G/2A in one match, pretty much sums up his performance"
"Fifa 23 is running badly on my pc even tho i exceed recommended requirements, any help?"
whats the point of the events tab?
FIFA23 season progress xp
I am a very normal and polite player. Why do players who are far more skillful in DR tend to be toxic to me?
Squad Battle Disconnecting
glitch in seasons
Showdown Pope SBC
What do you do when someone passes around their backing to kill time?
"The r/FIFA Daily Discussion Thread -- December 18, 2022"
Explain this to me
"Steam FIFA broke and can't play anymore, no matter what I do ""application encountered an unrecoverable error"" please help"
Anyone else feel it'd be good if EA released an ICON SBC by position.
Marcos Acuna New Dynamic!
What’s the best way to do chemistry
Did Something Happen?
How do you actually defend in this game?
Finally got into Div 1 with my Dutch to Glory and scored a few decent goals
Ultimate team fifa 23
is there 3 winter wildcard tokens out right now?
"Saka is cold AF, is this an actual thing or a bug?"
FIFA 23 Performance Issues
Why are manual interceptions so weak?
Most effective 5star skill moves when standing still
What HERO card is your favorite and why ?
EA need to remove caps from Friendlies if they insist on making it Skill based
Are 2 CDMs with h/h problem?
Transfer market searches before triggering verification?
Will player change clubs?
Messi Dynamic Updated!
Player walks off pitch
A Rare Mixed Players pack for the World cup final…
Enzo Fernandez New Dynamic!
Does anyone how how to do this skill move? (sorry for quality)
"Let's grind a bit of Swaps, I'm sure nothing bad is going to hap-- Oh."
Jay Rodriguez with his 2nd free kick goal in 1 match for me
Cristian Romero and Lisandro Martinez playing fifa at 6 am before taking the flight back to Argentina
The giant world cup tifo is a great objective
Is 4-2-4 viable in Div 3 Rivals or is it a suicide formation?
Remaining 6 WC Swaps Tokens?
You grind a match out all the way to the 115th minute and then a player you're not controlling gives a soft pen away. BS
Changing disposition is only set to one mode (ultra off. here) any way apply it to all modes?
Can you not submit world Cup hero icons into sbcs??
If I buy FIFA 23 could I simulate the World Cup like people do in those videos without having to buy players?
Tactics setups and formations
Low Driven shot
I swapped team with enemy middle of division Rival because I got controller update Notification on steam. (Late recording)
Need Icons/Heroes for Past & Present Juventus squad
EA being as creative as ever with their promo choices...
Showdown Correa gets +2 upgrade!
What cause a card to suddenly become terrible in a certain area ?
Top 5 B2B CMs in the game?
WC Campaign Player Pick - Probability Analysis
Angel Correa Showdown Upgrade
"Are there any other options than stopping playing, when absolutely nothing goes your way?"
88+ icon sbc worth doing?
"Not the greatest build up , but a beautiful bicycle goal at the end"
"The r/FIFA Daily Discussion Thread -- December 19, 2022"
Where do the players you get from opening packs go??? (FIFA 22)
"Promoted to division 1, but i don’t belong here."
Need some advice on crossing
WC TOTT mini-release (Amrabat/Casimiro/Doan)
"The r/FIFA Daily Discussion Thread -- December 20, 2022"
"Reminder: 15 hours left on moments rewards, they are easy to do and you get free packs"
Zlatan Ibrahimovic who?
I wish there was a way to turn off Co-op entirely
"My favorite part of FIFA programming is how if you score, then your defender's sliders goes to zero"
/r/FIFA: The Weekly Pack Thread
CDMs always out of postion
Proclubs question
What's wrong with Squad Battles this Fifa?
Dear EA- Please read this message about LIB players
Div Rivals loss glitch
Drop-Ins Stamina
"Judge a card by performance, not stats, not how he feels in game. Realised this when i thought pulling base Baggio was an L."
How do you perform this celebration?
"Can't stand the invisible radar anymore, we need previous radar settings back."
does this mean i can have fifa for free forever
"FIFA 23 graphics looks bad & weird during day time in the game..Just look at this hair, something's off."
Who is somebody in the game who you think should have their skill move rating upgraded or downgraded?
Mid-Season 2 Review Pack
How would Med/High work rates effect Upamecano?
"Anyone who plays FIFA on PC on an AMD Graphics card, how do I fix this?"
Falling over/getting knocked down
Is it worth selling informs now?
36 swaps tokens
CBs that are good in the air?
Prime Volta gameplay
88 rated Ter Stergen is …
The best card you ever use
Can’t get past semi-pro mode on FIFA 22
Are the subs play with 3 chem when you put them in game?
Middle point between Amateur and Semi-Pro
How do I save a carreer?
5 star weakfoot
"They could just make a WC/Icon league for managers, make Ronaldo/Alves more usable?"
Cant submit wc icons into wc 88 pick.
WC TOTT Challenge 1 (+ Token)
FIFA World Cup Trophy in objectives
Help with Division Rivals
Is Cuti Romero worth the price?
"I know this has been asked a thousand times, but I want a final verdict. Does full chem matter compared to 2 chem?"
Can anyone explain this pass by Theo Hernandez?
Unlinking EA account
SBMM in friendlies sucks
"Is the heavy, delayed gameplay deliberate, or unavoidable?"
Winter Warm Up Pack in store
Tried FUT23 Champions and it feels…..
Sacked in career mode for setting release clauses too low
"I don't know why, but that player (Tzolis), always appears without his head during the gameplay. On replay, it's normal."
Golden goal friendlies
Looks like he got a bit hurt
how do i remove this?
Question: anyone knowhow to do that with multiple kickers? anytime I call them over it still only uses the first kicker.
worth opening packs rn?
So SBCs are available in drafts?
Daily game limits...am i the only one
New Loading Screen: Winter Wildcards Swaps starts tomorrow
Have AcceleRATE types been working as expected for you lately?
Give us Croatian kit already
Where's the Dynamic Image From Series - #17 - FIFA World Cup 2022 Final MOTM Ángel Di María
I guess okay then
"Now that everyone has released, would you recommend doing the icon player pick?"
Remember when EA announced Out of Position cards will be released in SBCs for the remainder of the year?
LONG READ - 4141 Review - The Most Underused Formation You Should Try Next
Question about fut
"The world isn't ready for 91 Papu Gomez, hits rabonas at 100mph because fuck it why not"
I’d love for EA to update all the Argentina SD and PTG cards to dynamics with the WC Trophy
Squad Battles Rewards Megathread
WC Capdevila thoughts
88+ Mid or FWC Megathread
How to gift FIFA 23 Ultimate?
"Stuck in Training Centre Chapter 3 (Sprint with ""Mouse Movement"" with the ball to attack)"
Can we just get fair matchmaking foronce
Where to request a refund? /rant
"Righto, no foul"
help with defense
